"fftMPI documentation"_Manual.html

Introduction :h3

The Parallel FFT library was developed at Sandia National
Laboratories, a US Department of Energy facility, with funding from
the DOE. It is an open-source code, distributed freely under the terms
of the Lesser GNU Public License (LGPL).  See the LICENSE file in the
distribution.

Include some history about original vs current version?

The primary author of this package is Steve Plimpton, who can be
contacted at sjplimp at sandia.gov.  This "download
site"_http://www.sandia.gov/~sjplimp/download.html is where the latest
version of this package can be downloaded.

This library is designed for distributed-memory parallel machines
using MPI.  The library only performs the data movement tasks
necessary to compute multi-dimensional FFTs in parallel; the
transforms themselves are computed by on-processor 1d FFT routines
provided by vendors or the freely available FFTW package.  The data
remapping routines can also be called directly (independent of the
FFTs) to change the layout of 2d or 3d arrays across processors.

The library is written in C++, but a C-style library interface is
provided, along with Fortran and Python wrappers.  So the library can
be called by C++ or C or any language that interfaces with C,
e.g. Fortran or Python.

The library should run on any parallel machine that supports MPI.  It
also works with any size 2d or 3d arrays, so long as the native 1d FFT
routines support the array dimensions.  It can be run on any number of
processors, including in serial. The library allows considerable
flexibility in the choice of initial and final data layout of the FFT
grid across processors.
